.TH VALA\-DBUS\-BINDING\-TOOL 1 "MARCH 2015" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
.PP
vala\-dbus\-binding\-tool \- Create GObject interfaces from DBus introspection files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCvala\-dbus\-binding\-tool\fR [\fB\fC\-\-api\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fP] [\fB\fC\-\-no\-synced\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-dbus\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fP] [\fB\fC\-\-directory\fR=\fIDIR\fP] [\fB\fC\-\-strip\-namespace\fR=\fINS\fP]* [\fB\fC\-\-rename\-namespace\fR=\fIOLD\fINS:NEW\fPNS\fP]*
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This package automates the creation of \fIGObject\fP interfaces out of \fIDBus XML\fP specifications. Given a well\-formatted \fB\fC\&.xml\fR introspection file, you get a corresponding \fB\fC\&.vala\fR file that contains the GObject\-interface.
.PP
Using autogenerated C\-based GObject libraries you can rely on the DBus signatures and types to match – no more handconstructing the method calls.
.PP
vala\-dbus\-binding\-tools creates both \fIsynchronous\fP and \fIasynchronous\fP variants of your interfaces. The asynchronous interfaces will contain the suffix \fB\fCAsync\fR\&.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\fC\-\-help\fR, \fB\fC\-h\fR
Show a brief help text.
.TP
\fB\fC\-\-version\fR
Print the current version of this command.
.TP
\fB\fC\-v\fR
Increase output verbosity.
.TP
\fB\fC\-\-api\-path\fR, \fB\fC\-p\fR
Where the DBus XML specification files can be found.
.TP
\fB\fC\-\-directory\fR, \fB\fC\-d\fR
Where the output files should be placed.
.TP
\fB\fC\-\-strip\-namespace\fR
Whether you want to strip a namespace prefix. Can be given multiple times.
.TP
\fB\fC\-\-rename\-namespace\fR
When you want to rename a namespace. Can be given multiple times.
.TP
\fB\fC\-\-dbus\-timeout\fR
The DBus timeout (in seconds) for asynchronous calls.
.TP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-synced\fR
Only create asynchronous interfaces.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
Create interfaces for the freesmartphone.org DBus specifications
\[la]https://github.com/freesmartphone/specs\[ra] that have been installed at \fB\fC/usr/local/share/freesmartphone/xml\fR:
.PP
.RS
.nf
vala\-dbus\-binding\-tool \-\-api\-path=/usr/local/share/freesmartphone/xml \-\-directory=../src \-\-strip\-namespace=org \-\-rename\-namespace=freedesktop:FreeDesktop \-\-rename\-namespace=freesmartphone:FreeSmartphone
.fi
.RE
.SH BUGS
.PP
Please send bug reports to 
\[la]fso@openphoenux.org\[ra] or use our issue tracker at the project page
\[la]https://github.com/freesmartphone/vala-dbus-binding-tool/issues\[ra]\&.
.SH AUTHORS
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Didier "Ptitjes" 
\[la]ptitjes@free.fr\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
Michael 'Mickey' Lauer 
\[la]mlauer@vanille-media.de\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
Frederik 'playya' Sdun 
\[la]Frederik.Sdun@googlemail.com\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
Dominik Fischer 
\[la]d.f.fischer@web.de\[ra]
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR gdbus-codegen (1), 
DBus Homepage
\[la]http://www.freedesktop.org/dbus\[ra], GDBus
\[la]https://developer.gnome.org/gio/stable/gdbus.html\[ra]
